gh-112202: Ensure that condition.notify() succeeds even when racing with Task.cancel() (#112201)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-sync.rst

   .. method:: notify(n=1)

      Wake up *n* tasks (1 by default) waiting on this

>       condition.  The method is no-op if no tasks are waiting.

Reviewer: Why remove "at most"? What if there are fewer than *n* tasks? If the point of the change is to clarify that `notify(1)` guarantees that if there is a waiting task that it is woken up, rather than just maybe possibly trying to wake one up but not really with conviction, maybe that could be made more explicit?

Author: Because there *might* be more than one woken up.  Condition variables (in general, in computing) make no guarantees that a task is _not_ woken up when not explicitly requested.  Only that one is _definitely_ woken up when asked to do so.  It is by design allowed to err to the sign of caution.  Better to have to many wakeups than to few, since the latter can cause deadlocks.  This is also the reason why any task awoken _must_ check the state, to see if it should do anything or just go back to sleep.

Reviewer: Understood. I was more concerned about the situation where there are e.g. 3 tasks and notify(5) is called -- it cannot wake up 5 tasks because there are only three. The next sentence is trying to clarify this, but only explicitly calls out the case where there are 0 tasks. Let's do this:
```suggestion
      Wake up *n* tasks (1 by default) waiting on this
      condition.  If fewer than *n* tasks are waiting they are all awoken.
```

Author: Thank you.  I guess it bugged me that the "at most" sounded like a guarantee.

      Once awakened, the Condition re-acquires its lock and this method
      returns ``True``.

      Note that a task *may* return from this call without having been
      explicity awoken, which is why the caller should always re-check the state
      and be prepared to :meth:`wait` again. For this reason, you may

>       prefer to use :meth:`wait_for` instead.

Reviewer: This addition actually confuses me. It doesn't add something I don't already know: It's standard for the Condition Variable pattern to require re-checking the state after being awoken (there is no guarantee that another waiter snagged the state first). But what does the phrase "explicitly awoken" refer to? That there was no `notify()` call? Then it should say "explicitly notified". Or that there was a `notify()` call even though the state wasn't what's desired? That still feels like "explicitly notified" (maybe it's spurious).

Thinking more about your changes to the code, I think you are intentionally leaving this ambiguous, trying to emphasize that a waiter should never blindly assume that the condition is true when it is awoken -- it should always explicitly check. Maybe the note should say so explicitly? (I'm not a fan of `wait_for()`, because I don't find lambdas all that readable.)

Author: Yes, I am trying to emphasize that the waiter must always check the state, among other things because more tasks may be awoken than asked for in a notify() call.

Reviewer: The "explicitly awoken" phrase still bugs me, because the Condition variable API doesn't ever explicitly awake a specific task -- it just notifies the Condition which causes some task to be awoken. IOW the way I think about it, these tasks are never *explicitly* awoken (which would, to me, imply that this specific task was indicated to be awoken -- there's no API for that).

How about this:

```suggestion
      Note that a task *may* return from this call spuriously,
      which is why the caller should always re-check the state
      and be prepared to :meth:`wait` again. For this reason, you may
      prefer to use :meth:`wait_for` instead.
```

   .. coroutinemethod:: wait_for(predicate)

      Wait until a predicate becomes *true*.

      The predicate must be a callable which result will be
      interpreted as a boolean value.  The method will repeatedly

>       :meth:`wait` unil it evaluates to *true*. The final value is the

Reviewer: typo: unil -> until

It's unclear what "it" refers to, but it *appears* to refer to `wait()`, which is wrong -- just change it to "the predicate".
```suggestion
      :meth:`wait` until the predicate evaluates to *true*. The final value is the
```
